Whilst it is nice that we can see our messages here, it would be nice if the plus button would at least
add some dummy message.
So that's what we're going to do now.
We have the plus button already.
We got the unpressed handler for the plus button.
So now all we need to do is we need to make sure that a new message is added.
And for that, we can again use Firestorm, for instance, and reach out to the collection where we
want to add a document, and that's this same collection to which we're listening here in the Stream
Builder.
So let's add here.
But now we don't call snapshots because I'm not interested in the snapshots.
Instead, we can call ad and ad will do what the name sounds like.
It adds a new document.
Now on the flutter side, a new document is represented by a map.
And you create maps and start by using opening and closing curly braces like this.
And then you can add key value pairs, which will be the key value pairs in your document.
And dear, we can add a text key because we're using text and the other documents as well.
And add any text of your choice like this was added by clicking the button.
And for now, it's hardcoded later will, of course, fetch some user input here.
So if he saved us again, we'll see two entries, but if I now click the plus you see it, this was
added by clicking the button.
You see, the order is a bit strange.
The order comes around.
But you see that's getting added here.
And you also see that's getting added here on the back end.
And if you click through here, you see the order we have here actually is the same order as in the
Flutter app we got.
This is a no entry as to bottommost, and that's the case here as well.
No, don't worry about that order thing right now.
We'll take care about this later and we'll make sure that everything is ordered correctly.
With that, however, we have this basic introduction to Firebase.
We saw how we can connect Firebase to the flutter app and we see how that data base flutter communication
generally works.
Now, of course, that's not everything we're going to do in this module actually does quite a bit away
from the final result.
But this is a super important first step.
With that, however, we're going to take a step back.
We're going to work on the styling a little bit.
We're going to add the authentication screen and we're going to start from scratch and make sure that
we have some users before we then work on allowing those users to send messages.